W-12990534 MQ consolidate overview and terminology (#139)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-monitoring.adoc

= Monitoring Anypoint MQ

Use the Anypoint MQ monitoring features to view usage and audit logging data.

* xref:mq-usage.adoc[]
+

> You can view a chart indicating how much data and how many API requests have been consumed, and how many message units were received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view a chart that indicates how much data and how many API requests have been consumed, and how many message units were received.
```
